Crime Tips
(I'll come up with a better name for this)

Wireframes, ERD in planning folder

The idea behind this news app is to create a space where reporters, public figures and residents
can help each other become better informed about crime in their city.

Users: Reporters; Public Figures: Community Leaders, Police Officials, Local Politicos; Residents

Residents

1. As a user, I want to select geographical regions in the city to view a list
of incidents in that area.
2. ...I want to be able to view a specific incident, add comments about what I know
about it and questions I have.
3. ...when I observe or hear about an incident that I haven't seen reported, I'd like to write a post
about it to share what I know.
4. ...I want to be able to edit and delete my posts and comments.
5. ...I don't want to have to share too much personal information such as my real name
and other details because of safety concerns.
6. ...I want reporters and public figure with verified accounts to comment by confirming
or denying what's in posts and comments, saying what hasn't been proven, etc.

Public Figures

1-4 same as above
4. As a user, I want to be able to post and comment with a verified account because
it's my job to operate in the public sphere and I have access to privileged information
that I can use to better serve my constituents.

Reporters

1-4 same as above
4. As a user, I want to keep the public informed with verified information about incidents.
5. ...I want a page that sets ground rules for using this app.
6. ...I want to delete any comments or posts that do not adhere to the standards.
